docs: create LSP2 page + add figures for LSP6 (#114)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/universal-profile/01-lsp0-erc725account.md

Check **[LSP1-UniversalReceiver](../generic-standards/02-lsp1-universal-receiver.md)** standard for more information.

### ERC1271

> Externally Owned Accounts (EOA) can sign messages with their associated private keys, but currently contracts cannot. This standard defines a way for contracts to verify if a provided signature is valid when the account is a smart contract.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Externally Owned Accounts (EOAs) can sign messages with their associated private keys, but contracts cannot. This standard defines a way for contracts to verify if a provided signature is valid when the account is a smart contract.  
```
